# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists
For study purposes, these card could mimic cue cards. They could be used to memorize the salient points of events in history such as battles or dynasties, prominent individuals such as kings and queens, or concepts and terms. The convenient attachment of images to information would make associations more memorable for studying. The cards may also be used to study a period and area chronologically, for example, with the images being a series of maps that show the gradual territorial changes of the area, and the textual information assigned to each image as the dates, border descriptions, and salient events that affected the changes.
## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
The researcher takes on the responsibility of  keeping the participants' personal information secure, while also knowing that the participants are vulnerable due to their novice position - ie. we give such information with the assumption the researcher will use it securely while we do not necessarily have the skills to confirm its security ourselves. The participants have the right to hide the information using the "false" value from the rest of the class. As this is a non-profit project created for research purposes within the boundaries of the classroom, I would not assume the participants have any right to access the end product beyond their own contributions after the completion of the course and reception of grades.
## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
In the study/memorization model I outlined, basic facts such as dates and proper names would be best augmented with short descriptions of the events/individuals/locations that would denote their significance to the overall topic of the cards. This kind of setup with room only for a few sentences limits this data structure to use as a memory aid only, to prompt knowledge that the student should already possess - not as a way to learn new information. I suppose that links to further information could be included in the cards as additional study aids when the studier lacks the knowledge the card references. 

